---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-steampipecloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The `Steampipe Cloud Workspace Snapshot` represents snapshots captured in a workspace.
---

# Resource: steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot

Manages a workspace snapshot.

## Example Usage

**Create a user workspace snapshot**

```hcl
resource "steampipecloud_workspace" "dev_workspace" {
  handle = "dev"
}

resource "steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot" "aws_tags_limit_snapshot" {
  workspace_handle = steampipecloud_workspace.dev_workspace.handle
  data = file("/path/to/file")
  tags = jsonencode({
    name: "aws_tags_limit_snapshot"
  })
  visibility = "workspace"
}
```

**Create an organization workspace snapshot**

```hcl
resource "steampipecloud_workspace" "org_dev_workspace" {
  organization = "testorg"
  handle       = "dev"
}

resource "steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot" "aws_tags_limit_snapshot" {
  organization = steampipecloud_workspace.org_dev_workspace.organization
  workspace_handle = steampipecloud_workspace.dev_workspace.handle
  data = file("/path/to/file")
  tags = jsonencode({
    name: "aws_tags_limit_snapshot"
  })
  visibility = "workspace"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `data` - (Required) The data to be stored for the snapshot.
- `workspace_handle` - (Required) The handle of the workspace to create the snapshot in.
- `organization` - (Optional) The optional organization handle to be used when the snapshot is to be captured for a workspace that belongs to an organization.
- `tags` - (Optional) The JSON-encoded string of tags for the snapshot. Use `jsonencode` on a terraform type to ensure correct escaping e.g. `jsonencode({Foo: "Bar"})`
- `visibility` - (Optional) The scope of the snapshot. Can either be `workspace` or `anyone_with_link`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the snapshot was created at.
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this snapshot.
- `dashboard_name` - The name of the dashboard for which the snapshot was captured.
- `dashboard_title` - The title of the dashboard for which the snapshot was captured.
- `data` - The data captured for the snapshot.
- `expires_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the snapshot will expire.
- `identity_id` - The unique identifier of the entity, where the snapshot was captured.
- `inputs` - The inputs and their values used for this snapshot.
- `organization` - The handle of the organization where the snapshot is captured.
- `schema_version` - The schema version for which the snapshot was captured.
- `state` - The state of the snapshot.
- `tags` - The tags for the snapshot.
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the snapshot was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this snapshot.
- `version_id` - The version ID of this snapshot.
- `visibility` - The visibility of the snapshot i.e. either `workspace` or `anyone_with_link`.
- `workspace_handle` - The human-friendly alias for the workspace where the snapshot is captured.
- `workspace_id` - The unique identifier of the workspace where the snapshot is captured.
- `workspace_snapshot_id` - A unique identifier of the snapshot.

## Import

### Import User Workspace Snapshot

User workspace snapshots can be imported using an ID made up of `workspace_handle/snapshot_id`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot.example dev/snap_cbqgah8smpv7n7sg9o0g_2jh0oc9dg1ums4sxb0xksy5cl
```

### Import Organization Workspace Snapshot

Organization workspace snapshots can be imported using an ID made up of `organization_handle/workspace_handle/snapshot_id`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import steampipecloud_workspace_snapshot.example myorg/dev/snap_cbqgah8smpv7n7sg9o0g_2jh0oc9dg1ums4sxb0xksy5cl
```
