---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator Resource - terraform-provider-steampipecloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The `Steampipe Cloud Workspace Aggregator` represents aggregators configured in a workspace.
---

# Resource: steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator

Manages a workspace aggregator.

## Example Usage

**Create a user workspace aggregator**

```hcl
resource "steampipecloud_workspace" "test_user_workspace" {
  handle = "dev"
}

resource "steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator" "all_aws_aggregator" {
  workspace = steampipecloud_workspace.test_workspace.handle
  handle             = "all_aws"
  plugin             = "aws"
  connections        = ["aws*"]
}
```

**Create an organization workspace aggregator**

```hcl
resource "steampipecloud_workspace" "test_org_workspace" {
  organization = "testorg"
  handle       = "dev"
}

resource "steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator" "all_aws_aggregator" {
  workspace = steampipecloud_workspace.test_workspace.handle
  handle             = "all_aws"
  plugin             = "aws"
  connections        = ["aws*"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `connections` - (Required) The list of connection names that the aggregator will merge. The wildcard `*` is supported in the connection names. e.g. `["aws1", "aws2"]`, `["aws*"]`
- `handle` - (Required) A friendly identifier for your aggregator, which must be unique across all other schemas defined in the workspace or identity.
- `plugin` - (Required) The name of the plugin.
- `workspace` - (Required) The handle of the workspace to manage the aggregator for.
- `organization` - (Optional) The optional handle of the organization to be used when the aggregator to be managed belongs to an organization.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the aggregator was created at.
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this aggregator.
- `type` - The type of the resource.
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the aggregator was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this aggregator.
- `version_id` - The version ID of the aggregator.
- `workspace_id` - The unique identifier of the workspace in which the aggregator exists.
- `workspace_aggregator_id` - The unique identifier of the aggregator.

## Import

### Import User Workspace Aggregator

User workspace aggregators can be imported using an ID made up of `workspace/handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator.example dev/all_aws
```

### Import Organization Workspace Aggregator

Organization workspace aggregators can be imported using an ID made up of `organization/workspace/handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import steampipecloud_workspace_aggregator.example myorg/dev/all_aws
```
